All right.
So the last bit of syntax with transitions that you need to know is the shorthand way of writing them
all in one line.
So those four properties of color coded them here a bit of a rainbow.
So rather than having to do transition Dasch property tradition dasht duration and so on we can just
write transition colon and then pass in for values.
So the first one is transition property.
So in this case this is saying transition the background have it take one point in five seconds that's
the duration the timing function you should use is ease in and the delay is one second.
So you can take four lines and compress them into a single line.
This is a lot easier a lot nicer in my opinion and also way more common.
The other thing I should point out before we dive into the code is that you can have multiple transitions
you just string them together with commas.
So rather than doing three or four separate properties and separating them with commas if you go up
to this example background comma border radius one second Come on second five second comma two second.
You can actually combine them together.
So I'll show you how to do that into a single line.
But let's start with this one.
So we have our animated box as a hover.
Let's actually add a delay just so we're using all four transition delay.
Let's make it wait one second before it starts.
So now one second goes by then it triggers and moves.
So I could rewrite this entire thing like this transition.
The name of the property which is transform.
Next up we have the duration two seconds.
Then the timing function.
So we could either copy this or all just use is in or the suit is out.
And then after that comes a delay.
So one second so I can now comment these four lines out.
I've replaced them with this one line.
They're technically not identical because I didn't use this cubic curve.
I'm using E's out instead.
But you could just replace it.
OK.
So let's see what happens.
So I'm going to hover takes one second and then it triggers uses is out over two seconds to transition
the transform.
All right.
So as I mentioned we could have multiple things that we're transitioning.
So let's go back here and not only use transform translate X let's also do background color and let's
make it Teall.
So right now there's no transition affecting background.
So I hover in and immediately turn to Teall but everything else still works.
So now let's say we wanted to add in a transition for that I just add a comma and I'll type background
or background Dasch color.
How long do I want to take.
Let's have it go pretty quick.
Let's do half a second and then let's also have it use linear and we won't add a delay.
Let's say I want it to happen immediately.
So we don't always have to have a delay.
Like I mentioned.
So what will happen here is that the backroom color will start changing immediately.
It will only take half a second then it will start moving one second after we've covered.
So essentially we'll have a half a second pause after the background color changes.
So let's try to hover.
It takes half a second.
Changes color and then moves.
I will try one more time.
So it should kick in immediately.
There's no delay for the background color.
So that starts changing right away.
But there's still a transition.
It's not an immediate shift unlike this one here.
And we could keep stringing them together if you wanted.
One thing that I will say is if you do have a lot of these what you'll see commonly is people just use
returns to space them out because it can be kind of a lot of syntax to take a look at.
So you just add commas to separate them out and you can add as many transitions as you'd like.
All right.
So that's it for now.
That's the shorthand version of transition takes four properties combines them into one.